[Music]
first that n
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause] [Music] [
Music]
let's go
[Music] [
Applause] [
Music]
Oh
[Music]
in [
Music]
and [Music]
k [
Music]
H
[Music]
Good evening how are you how are we How are
we people What's up What's going on here
What's going on
here oh my goodness how much trouble we have today how are you How are you How are you There's a
lot of salsa from Dallas a lot of
salsa from Dallas Well there are some things the
truth is there are some things the truth is I don't
want to get too involved okay saying hello
because I've already been two hours between
salsa Lilit a kiss gorgeous How
are you And I wanted to play three or four
songs maybe five If people support the
live show, I mean It depends on how the
live show goes I'll play four or five songs okay we'll see we'll see okay
We'll see but depending on
how the live goes Okay, well it's 1
Today is my little one's birthday, it's already 1 it
's my little one's birthday now now now
before I go to bed I'll put a
post up on Instagram but
tomorrow I want to prepare some things let's go it's not
celebrated tomorrow but at least so
that when he gets out of school
eh he has his theme he has his theme his
welcome no at least it's
not celebrated tomorrow obviously
because it's in weeks but well at
least something no at least something How are you
Hi Javi a question are you going to talk about a I
thought he was your
friend he was my friend But besides the
good ones eh I mean he was my friend But besides
the
good ones let's
see if I'm going to talk about and I'm here
go on he also said that he's not going to
back down because when he says it he
goes ahead you know So nothing
here I'm going to wait to see if it
reaches me I hope it takes less because of course
he laughs at how long it takes to arrive from
Turbo plan to delox no then but but he's
not going to back
down another complaint l let's get there damn
today's friends are the enemies of
tomorrow Of course he's going to remove the aa
please but let's see if he doesn't remove it, let him fix it Wait, it's live, it
's
live wait but it was at the
premiere, he hasn't left, he's already gone, he's gone, he's gone no no no no no he didn't
leave, he didn't leave these are
people what the game consists of voat memes
and you have to
put
texts on them send super chat
ttos
that I can't send super
chat
So you have to either think of a text or
be a meme for this a text for this
meme or a different meme you have five
more different ones I want different
your
face text one text two like when they
tell me I have to go to school
when I'm at school
you know you want another different medium
you have 50 seconds eh
Ah when I haven't had coffee today wait
no I'm sharing the screen in
case it leaks Yeah the visa after
the third coffee
is
horrible yeah yeah yeah this is that I
like to read don't have to think they read it no
no
quor okay time is up they don't read it
no that's horrible Well come on, what a
big nonsense
people  I'm going to give down it's really bad, I
mean really bad 50 bucks really bad Poor thing
but they don't jump it's not
really bad he doesn't have it on he does read them when I see s2xo instead of putting S3 he put S2 plus 1000 euros Yeah man What a mental problem and he says he's talking he spends what time goes by Oh [ __ ] I don't read down Oh but maybe with s s super backwards
no I don't know Look at the description Who is
Benja Who is
Benja put your uncle well plan your uncle is going to
use you not so that it can be seen it had to be
here meme next so that it can be seen it
had to be here caliph before
acting he proceeds to take out his
teeth I'm going to ask him for the 10
back that I think about it mine is not that
bad no it's not that bad the truth is that it's not that bad it
's really
bad I'm going to ask him for euros
back I want my 10
bucks I threw away 10
bucks
[ __ ] another 10 I mean the funny thing is to put
a text that's funny with the image
noir
But why doesn't it sound like me  I think Let's go, I
mean just so it sounds Why And for, I mean
let's see why These
are
Ah but but it has a minimum for it to
sound it has a minimum 100 200 300 400
500 for the tips to sound But why do you
put them so
high
Ah Okay okay
Ah no J you told me honey that I have to
control what makes it more or
less what you want I don't understand anything it
's
terrible
because you see how it
feels why it's super famous because it
has a lot of people
no
good well
nothing we have lost our beard I
was putting it on so it wouldn't lose it that's how we
feel when you don't read us but
you deserve it [ __ ] not me to
you that you give it to you eh already exposed in
the worst way let's see let's see
things
okay the live shows would be unwatchable Yes of
course it has to filter for the subject no
of course but it's that it has a lot
eh I mean I've already closed it but it's all
the time on the screen Pin Pin Pin Pin Pin
p Javi you haven't turned on here
for a month no I haven't been here  without turning on for
a month in fact the last
live show was to
see son but if I'm not here
I'm in the others every day
somewhere I am eh every day
somewhere I am
[Music]
eh In
fact in fact no the last live show was
TR days ago let's see yes what it's been like yes I
'm doing less but not for nothing
but because of the topics because every day there have
n't been topics okay I think
basically so that the live shows are
better and longer like what happened yesterday for
example in telesalseo where the
live show was [ __ ] great 4 hours
and I think what I'm going to do is you're
live at tes alceo yes it stayed open
H maybe what I'm going to do
is one day here and another day there one
day here and another day
there depending on the topics there are
But well you never know let's see
today today is that I had some
nice things to
see here I'm reserving my opinion well I'm going
to reserve your live shows in fact I'm going to check out
the members bar 1400
members But this is to go not
as I came in no Melisa a kiss
sweetheart
But this thing about the members this this
slump in the kids you have a better time
admit it the truth is that no the truth is
that I'm getting disgusted by you guys Let's
see is that you know that I have
proposed to give a lot of stick to the
main Channel so look I don't know if you see it
well but the thing for
me there are several points
okay let's see what you think there are
several points let's see what you think
Roman a member Thank you very much handsome Oh
okay I'm going to see the members that I was going to
see how the real members were doing and be
grateful that you have that that he wouldn't have
Well yes yes
Hey but what's going on but why so
hater Why so hater today [ __ ] do you
want me to tell you about a fight today with
a hater Before before before the
other
topics do you want me to tell you
Look well there are a few more than what
the bar says I'm not going to get into
updating it come on yes I'm going to
update it while I tell you do you
want me to
tell you but it's that I like to look at you
while I'm telling you to
see what you're thinking and what you're
talking to me let's see I'm going to put I'm going to
change it in a moment I said
1489 I'm going to keep setting the goal at
okay even though we're not going to get there
yet but oh well it's like a dream It's not
like an unfulfilled dream it's like a
dream that will surely come true
gentlemen
eh do you want a fight with a hater
man do you want a fight with a hater What
happened today the truth is I was
like man Why do I have estean why
But
why don't you want me to tell you let's see
hearts no no hearts no Like if
you want me to tell it dislike if you don't
want me to tell it No it's not Tania it
's another hater Willow cco members Thank you very much
handsome a kiss a kiss friend
A kiss
friend A kiss Thank you very much
Willow let's see I reserve my like Javier
Oliveras because there are people who create
so many accounts with my
name but here on YouTube there are many
eh I mean I see many channels many
people like with with well with my name
actually no because it's usually Javi
dog Javi canine Javi the rabbit Javi
the a lot Javi many things of  Javi but
on Twitter too, I mean there's a Javi
Oliveras here in the chat, let's see I'd
love to tell you about this fight I
had with a hater but the
truth is it wasn't even a fight it was more
like an attempt at a half debate
okay Look Javier
Canino just appeared Hey but I do like Javel Canino
because
uh he goes on to notify live everything we're
doing but I'm a fan it's like a meme
but this one is also a fan no Javi the
Canine okay And now it's 24 hours I mean
absolutely
nothing is lost look you see it Look I mean Javi reads a
follower's thread where it says that a youtuber
very close to Tania I say it's
referring to joh like has lawsuits and
complaints that I don't what what
what But if I haven't even read that part of the Liro
some are
public Ah but if those are sentences
that are public this one doesn't understand
but what's going on but that's what makes me
laugh it's what I was going to tell you I mean they
are and he doesn't stop mentioning laser
eh it's like he's retransmitting everything that
today is the day
Javi but you have the other haters
scheduled for the
recipe it has to be someone for that I
already explained it before in telesalseo that
has to be something that you already say t
[ __ ] you have to sue okay but don't
tell your mommy she put the
canine on me Create a kiss let's see it's like it's like it's
broadcasting
all our live shows Javi with a hair
transplant arm me arm me
with patience my God Hey
this guy said he's going to sue me
eh this guy said he's going to
sue me eh I'm waiting for the lawsuit
eh I hope it comes quickly
Javi with 80 kilos more well yes yes with
80 kg and with a different face but
listen to me
arm yourself with patience my God
but it's that it's all the
time well it's as if it were
broadcasting everything that is happening
here live Well here or in
telesalseo or in the main one or in my
house itself okay but told by a
special person okay I mean it's a fan account no I
mean it's broadcasting What's going  passing
but told by a fan account go
Tania Whoever insults someone
passes whoever I insulted someone passes
Tania look what she's doing still
happens today with the insults Tania look what she's
doing still happens today with the
insults Tania But why doesn't she
put it that she told me that she's going to
sue me I'm going to wait for it But why does
n't she
put it But why does the screen cut off if I
'm showing what she did today are you
sick No man no [ __ ] [ __ ]
Don't say that I see them very
Sanitas people let's see I think this man in
the game is going to defeat me completely He's
going to sue me because I called him an
idiot and that he makes up the
news I think and and he puts me I mean it's a
channel that's dedicated to putting me in a dog
all the time well let's see let's see it's that of
course now after this how do I
notify you what I was going to tell you look look
but it's that he's talking right now he
's talking to me right now no no
literally he's a fan I mean but he's a
fan My God but me Why do I take
things like this eh because come on wow wow
cloth all day eh all day all
day All the time when it's not one it's
the other eh all the time eh Let's see The
move is next you don't get it I'm a
woman Willow
I have not assumed your gender at any
time Okay what's going on Here we go with the
nonsense
progress
listen to me I came across this clip
worth 1000 likes the tweet 1000 [ __ ]
likes okay or so it's more or less the average number
of likes that I usually get on
Twitter and sometimes not even that's worth 1000
[ __ ] likes and he posts a
bombshell after making the video
accusing Germn of promoting a
scam accusing Germn of promoting
a scam eh dara did he answer you seriously well
now I don't want to Now I don't want to
come on yes I want yes I want yes I want
Of course I want how could I not want
but it's true or is it B it's true or b I'm
embarrassed yes I go I go or I don't go I go or I don't
go it's true he told me something let's see if
I can see it oh my god they always have to be
playing the games eh
I swear those topics are not  funny is
that they are not funny people
take it as if they were
memes but they are not [ __ ] funny You
know Now it's really
over between us eh Now it's really
over No man no no let's
see but has he answered or not
Is it really true or is it a lie further back Javi
here to torture me no if I'm going to
do it the last the last the last the
last the
last when I get it for him and
everything vibrates it's that I was going to cut your hair
Javi yes I'm going to cut my beard no no he's not
going to do it he's just here to
torture me
see why you say that it wouldn't even occur to me
because How come it wouldn't even occur to me Thanks
Javi a big kiss Thanks Sure
another day play this but with subs more
fun thanks coel It's that he shouldn't
shave his beard right whether it was just
a joke or in other words fix it every three or
four days he'll shape it he'll
fix it for you of course man no let's see
I'll go from time to time I want to
kiss him I can give him a kiss I can I do
n't come on what's with the beard  messed up
that pinch now it's better with a beard let's
see I alternate tesa for example
when I comb my hair the other way I
shave there are times when yes there are times when
suddenly I decide to go for a week without shaving
and I leave it like that like eh
scruffy Like in a scruffy way you know what I
know it's what you have no that you can go
like I know girls do their hair every
day in a certain way also no and one day they
put this on another day they put that on
then Okay so there I've been 9 minutes
to start this tro okay Javi in these
moments you are very handsome and in others not
tesa and in others not in others
not after making the video accusing
Germn of promoting a scam what an
invention Dallas Dallas does a live
where he promotes an exchange that well
here it says charge that if I'm not mistaken
this has to do with charging
electric car batteries that has indications
of being a pyramid fraud okay or so
Dallas after deus Germn Poor
Germn of promoting a scam goes and
promotes with all his balls an
exchange that has
indications of being a pyramid fraud already
that they promise you two trips if you
invest a certain amount of money
there, of course, when I said this, I was like,
herdal has already screwed up 100%
man, everyone is sharing it, I
say, herdal has already screwed up 100%
okay, I
say let's see what he promoted, he was
wrong, he didn't review it well,
okay
And I say, I'm going to see what he
said, he has a
service that gives you a
debit card and you pay with crypto without having to
go through the bank, okay, it's an exchange
that has a card, eh, that you pay with
crypto without having to go through the
bank. This sounded like crypto to me, I haven't
asked him about this topic. The
truth is, I haven't asked him, I haven't
asked him anything about this topic, eh,
as seen this afternoon, but anyway, I do
n't care, basically it's how it
sounds to me cristo.com which is because I'm the one we
go to. In fact, I think I
have it on my phone. Pay attention to what I'm
telling you. In fact, if I haven't already deleted it, I already
had it on my phone, I don't have it anymore.  look I have
the dike and I don't have that cripto.com
was the one I used, let's see, I did
n't have any problems with
cristo.com but not only It's that I didn't
have any problems it's that it went [ __ ]
great for me except for one time when I lost
absolutely everything I invested that
Luna went to zero there was another one that I took
the Luna very cheap I also put in a
fairly large amount and I
multiplied it by five and the truth is that it
was my year okay
but but the crypto both when
buying as we are going in fact to buy I
had a certain security okay you had to
be calling anyway But then to
transfer the money when you want to
sell the cryptocurrencies to euros and you
want to send the euros to the account in
a couple of days if I'm not mistaken three
arrived arrived in your account okay I mean
and I remember that there was a card that comes
in several colors because I think that
each one had a different contract no
and they are cards that you use to
buy with cryptocurrencies like the
same as you buy with euros crto
for me it's the same as binance that if
I'm not mistaken binance also has it is that if it
is  what is that in fact it seems to me
that I have the card in fact it seems to me
that I have the card I don't have the
wallet here but come on I have the card I have the
card in fact I have it but come
on Not because not because I took it
out but because they sent it to me
because I went over some amounts and and they
gave it to me like Oh take we'll give you the
card because I don't know I don't remember okay
but I
thought it was the rups really dude there
are a lot of
secondary characters there in the chat
eh I think it's perfect sincer enter
from my link that I shared with you in
the discord eh You can now
automatically win $5 for registering let's go
done cripto.com I'll tell you look at
crypto com it's just that it has sounded to me eh without
asking anything Look at crypto.com
Here is the
card thing okay
look and the 25 bucks I've seen it
around there okay it's that 100% a lot the
truth is a lot Honestly speaking
before we already did other promotions
of a bitcoin between 7000 people that I think it
was 5 per person but 25 or
so it's a lot honestly for
registering it's a  a lot of things as they
are it is a lot already the announcement Coming
soon more extensive but it is that I
am sincerely very happy because I
also think that it is a very good product
very very very good product especially
for those who how bad it sounds but it is
the video
nois crypto I think it is absolutely
perfect on top of that with the card If you have
more than X in your account they
give you eh subscriptions to Netflix
Amazon eh Disney Plus eh And there are like
several eh several levels and the craziest level the
craziest of all that let's see
most will never use this
but to give you an idea it is like
depending on the amount of money you
have in your account they give you
extras and the highest level of all they
give you two private jet trips
per year so every year they give you two
private jet trips it is very crazy okay For that you
have a lot of money in the
account I know that you will not have the largest
but of the other one yes no For that of the
trips in order for them to give you the trip you have to
have the largest amount invested in
the account but when I say the largest I am
not talking about
100,000 of course the trip when we're
talking about the trip is someone who
suddenly puts in 1 kilo or 2 kg and the bank,
well, have the detail with you, okay, okay. You do
n't have to have that much money and they
give you subscriptions to
streaming services and more things for
a person more or less who has money
what is at hand is that they give you
Netflix, a Netflix account, I don't know what
because they have agreements with Netflix and such
to give you the accounts, okay, but anyway,
I see this clip this afternoon, I
review them three or four times and I say,
where the hell, where the hell has
this guy seen
an indication of
pyramid fraud, I mean, he
's not even talking to you about anything
pyramidal or multilevel, which is how it is
often shielded, not the pyramid, no, eh,
but it's that where, where have you seen the
pyramidal thing, I mean, pyramidal, it's that I
put you in the garlic to take
commissions from you and from what you earn And
you have to put other people in and those
people put other people in and that's how the
pyramid works, I mean, where have you seen  they
don't even know the meaning of
pyramid but
there are 1000 people who have more than 1000
people who have liked this
tweet more than 1000
people what an
idiot those who think it's a scam have
never used a credit card
in their life Let's see eh There are people who call
everything that is cryptocurrency a scam and they
think that everything that is cryptocurrency
or ex Chain is a scam let's see there is
a lot of scam there is a lot, a lot of
scam in the world of cryptocurrencies
but that is not the case in fact there are many
cryptocurrencies that are legal and they are
legalized and then it turns out to be a
scam like happened with Luna I bought Luna
I bought Luna perfectly legal it
was in all the exchanges now it turns out
that the guys falsify the accounts I don't
know what move and everything exploded to zero from
100 it fell to zero okay these are things that I
imagine that with time they can be
controlled but man those that are already
companies more or less with a history
with a reliable project behind
be it bitcoin or etherium Okay,
well it's not a scam now if you
get into the  Cryptocurrencies and you start
buying eh dog Coin man well no don't
[ __ ] with me and go complain if you lose the
pacha okay I put in pure roulette luna
sima eh I mean but I knew it was pure
nobody scammed me I knew it was pure
roulette and pure and pure bubble and pure
speculation okay I mean what I did was
put in And I also put in a good amount
eh I don't know if I put in a month's salary from
here from YouTube even eh
and I left it there for a year dude and I think I
bought it like in 15 20 or something like that
and I think I took it out like in 80 90 I don't
remember it was a it was an outrage okay I took it
out Then it reached 100 okay And when it
reached 100 it started to fall to 100 110 it
started to fall then it went back up to 100
and then it started to plummet that's
when things started to get weird and
when it fell to 60 I say [ __ ] I'm going to hit it
because [ __ ] it's gone down to 60 for sure by
now  it bounces and it
never bounced it went to zero to zero you know but I
knew what I was betting was that it
's literally like a roulette wheel like a
betting house that's okay or something else
it's bitcoin
ethereum okay but what was said okay I mean it's not
even the first thing is that there is
no indication of fraud or
anything strange in this clip and the
second
pyramid But what pyramid of course I come
with all the education in the world okay with
all the education in the world
okay hey stop to listen to it No stop a
video no What are the indications
exactly in that clip that makes you
understand a
multilevel I have listened to the clip three
times and I can't get where you
get to that
conclusion and it makes me
What an honor to have you here doggy from
Dallas
and this answer has 94
likes 94 exactly the audience of gpa
Juan a kiss gorgeous welcome egun
happens The
imbecile so you can add the demand
okay I remind you that this is not the first
time that he
promotes an unregulated place as has already
happened with no kx or the simple fact that he
continues to cover
delox's back No  I say that this is the same but you have to
take
precautions, or rather the first thing.
This is already a way to start a
conversation, I mean, this isn't even a
way to start a
conversation with a person that you
've never interacted with in your [ __ ] life
and then he says here potato I
bring apples okay And he's like
[ __ ] I bring apples and I say Okay, I'm
going to repeat the question, I'm going to repeat the
question, you piece of [ __ ], you
got nervous and didn't know how to
answer. Hey, it often happens,
someone important doesn't come to you and you don't know how to
answer, okay, I mean, it's okay, you got
nervous, come on, repeat it, you
started insulting like the unbalanced person
that you are in the whole clip where they talk
about multilevel or there are signs of a
pyramid scam and they
answer me the moment they
start talking about giving you 25 right now, right now, right now,
your [ __ ] face that you
have, your [ __ ] face that you have, they
call me Usop right now, right now,
Canelo's face that I know
was stuck when I appeared in your
answer, right now, you [ __ ], no, you [ __ ] for getting
involved  your money there and buy with
it for free if you go down
the street for free they'll give you 25
bucks and I say hey sorry usop and your
brain Where is it and he answers me I'll
keep it dude But why Is that how it is dude I mean
literally literally as I've
put it
here Any bank has promotions
because there's competition so you put your
payroll or so you put your
pension plan but apart from that this isn't
pyramid scheme giving you a gift to
go with them isn't pyramid scheme
a gift that will also have its
fine print I mean if you put in $0 I don't know
if they're going to give you 25 this will have its
fine print I imagine But well that
would be another
point again I'm not affirming anything
You took that for granted besides I
never insulted you I called you for what you
are and I answer you seem like a
piece of [ __ ] to me and out of education and
civility I don't start a conversation like that
Look at this Shameless they give you a
television and up to 400 for domiciling your
payroll with them okay
everyone says Fernanda is pyramidal Yes yes
Fernanda is completely pyramidal
now cort liiz and Dallas beard Well
now we see it afito But well
the truth is that I think he shouldn't he shouldn't have done it he
shouldn't have done it he's going to
regret it But well the beard grows
Nothing happens and your brain I have to keep
quiet and me and Javier canino comes to me
Javier canino comes to me because the other one
who put Already the other nothing insulted
or something didn't burn the girl I put
these all your answer and put me Those are
all your arguments next you're
in my way daddy cry there's nothing
wrong with it and Javier canino comes and tells me that's
a bench yeah yeah Javier canino and
this is a chair Javier canino the
benches are in the
park and I a lot of cloth eh a lot a lot of
cloth in fact I put a
screenshot because I looked I mean let's see
cristo.com it seems to me that it's one of the
most And then you look here in
any review okay surely there will be
complaints like everyone else this is like when
we saw the Oka thing x I think it was no to  look it's
good that you inform yourself eh if you're going to
put money somewhere it's
not that it's good that you inform you it's that you have to do it
okay but man One thing is that there are
negative opinions probably or whatever
Okay
and another very big very different thing is the
journey
no Javi in the end apologized check his
profile I don't believe it it is considered one of
the most secure cryptocurrency exchains
on the market I don't believe it I don't believe it you're
trolling me wait why no I don't trust maybe you
're putting a dick on me
H I've been reflecting for a while on
the po I've dedicated lately to
adas and its community and truly from the
bottom of my heart I would like to
apologize to them especially
since for those who will know yesterday I made a
post where in a very questionable way I
accused Dallas of promoting a
supposed pyramid scam, which of
course did not happen and I only did it in
the heat of the moment I wanted to not believe
the accusations that were made towards her
because he represents a big part of
my childhood I couldn't
believe it I feel sorry and I would like to
apologize to Dallas and his  community I'm
sorry that you are such bootlickers and don't
have your own criteria but it doesn't make
sense I mean this is supposed to have been
a bite but if during the body you
put it didn't happen I don't know what I don't know how much
man how lucky we are even though we
have patience eh Because we have it
eh Because it's all day long all
day long there's always some bad guy doing
one of his things okay always always
24 hours okay 24 hours If it's not a
bad guy on Twitter it's a bad guy on
YouTube Okay and the lucky thing we have is that they're
all
stupid I mean they're all stupid eh they
're all
stupid No no it's that they're
stupid well among other things I found out
today while I was training By
the way, turboplane had proven the
right I don't know if it's B eh that turboplane
had proven the right to Dallas Uncle
Germn has done it again I do
n't know if I should watch the video man or you're
going to stay
with me you're going to stay with me right I'm
going to put it a little
eh what's up guys Welcome to your
favorite channel of cryptocurrencies and
pyramid scams we have again
German Garmendia number one
Spanish-speaking youtuber with 49 million
followers on his channel German plays and
has effectively promoted a
pyramid scheme but in fact it is quite worse
than the previous one What's up My name is
German gend How are you I am a
content creator okay he agrees he doesn't
agree no no no no way there's no
way I'm not going to agree with him
noo with the most viewed Spanish-speaking channel
called German and I wanted to tell you
that I will be with you in advice the
third international convention deam we will
see you this coming April 21st at
Canc Center Canc I'm going there
because we can make him dance let's see
how he dances with two left feet Give it a go
There it
goes
left turn turn turn Hey
we have a second
surprise but I've been talking with
your manager I've been talking with
your team and we are interested in being
sponsors of Real Titan FC the
team of the k
Ah the final is coming F the
final is coming Real primo watch out it
would be the best that eh but in
exchange for that we want a daily video of yours
to see the
days How  We've come to this good
question we're going to have to
agree with Dallas because of German I
personally believe I am practically we're
going to have to agree with
Dallas because of germ my God but
how are you going to agree with him on something dude he does
n't even give you a tie eh 99%
sure I mean it's like already [ __ ] [ __ ] it's that I've
been looking for a way to
turn this around and it's that [ __ ] I can't I
can't because this
fits me surely in some way to
criticize delo for example sure
that this new company that
germani is promoting with which he has
collaborated I'm almost 100% sure that it
's a fraud and that this Give it 2s years
minimum it's going to explode it has
characteristics very, very
similar to other pyramid scams
that have already been done in the past one of
them that surely many of you
know is the nimbus scam
promoted by our friend and
neighbor colleague delox Well this
morning on the country's part
a news was published that DIF let's see me
I adelo is to caress it in this
video eh it's going all out animus
platform I'm sure people are going to
read this because it's fashionable to criticize
cryptocurrencies it's fashionable to talk about
this Silvia Charro man imagine
imagine man Silvia Charro man how
they did it here eh what a spectacle they
put on here eh I had seen it before or is it
that predictable it's like that it's like that I mean in
fact I think he's even going to call
Dallas a scammer somewhere in the
video I'm telling you I'm not seeing
any frames of Dallas around here but
come on I have no doubt that he's
going to call him a scammer in some way
eh scams And yes there will be many out there
perus is not one of them
[Music]
nimbus has been deceiving all of its
investors Because since
September 15, 2020 the nimbus platform has
not been doing
cryptocurrency arbitrage and here what we can already
see It's a very serious problem
precisely because this platform
used that cryptocurrency arbitrage
so that people would deliver their capital and
in return receive between 7 and 15%
monthly profitability it was very  similar if
not identical to the company that
German is promoting right now
which is billions Trade Club billions
Trade Club we are an exclusive
private Club that has created a
disruptive model based on
blockchain technology and mindset that rewards
all our members with
highly profitable benefits through
unique services specialized in
crypto
arbitrage run by a group of
highly trained entrepreneurs a
supposed group of investors that does
arbitrage with cryptocurrencies I still
have no [ __ ] idea what this is and it
really doesn't matter what
this supposed
cryptocurrency arbitrage is that they do because it
is simply an excuse to deceive
people and make them think that the money they
are depositing on that page
is safe in some way No because
they are working with
cryptocurrency arbitrage when in reality they
have no way of proving that they
are generating money with that arbitrage
in I think I think it is
not the same type
of scam eh the supreme court orders the
national court to investigate the
nimbus case for a possible million dollar
cryptocurrency scam the prosecutor's office maintains that
the platform devised a pyramid fraud
with those affected in
Spain I don't know if it would be the same way  of
scamming and such okay company that
promotes host is that even the video
I would swear to you that they are stock images
eh stock images or of these made
with Artificial Intelligence eh maybe I don't
know if it will be the same the
truth what I am completely
sure is that what
Germn has done is not the same as what
delox has done is they work For a
year two 3 years at the most and in the end they
end up exploding they get rich
Well those who are higher up and the
last ones who have arrived and who have
invested lose absolutely
all their money not like what happened with
nimbus this new company that
Germn is promoting called
billions Trade Club well it's
relatively new it's been around for like a year a
year and a half and still Well there hasn't been
time for the scam to explode no but
but man how the hell do
companies that do that keep appearing
man that's what
freaks me out I mean if there are already precedents
and in fact
so many of time and this in a
couple of years Well you'll see what happens what
has happened with all the scams of
this type in the past because
absolutely the same thing always happens  what
happens is that of course when Germn does it there is
interest in this type in the
time palel and this in a couple of
years Well, you'll see what happens what has
happened with all the scams of this
type in the past because
absolutely the same thing always happens what
happens is that of course when Germn does it there is
interest in making a video
exposing it but when a
friend of yours does it, well then we act
crazy no and we say no it's that I have no
idea what my friend delox does no no
hbre sincerely but now
objectively eh Now objectively
Eh yes Turbo plan Yes yes Turbo plan of course
when germ does it videos are made and
when delox does it it doesn't give a [ __ ]
[ __ ] I mean it's literally Yes I mean can
you imagine Dallas out of nowhere
making a video of delox before
having before that delox we
met him through the podcast Yanni a kiss
gorgeous Thank you very much 10
family members 10 members of Yanni ole or your
Body ole your body I mean literally Yes
delo but it's that I mean you Turbo plan
but it's the same as  you you make a
video if dasas does it and if I don't
know who does it then they don't do it but it's that
nonsense to me of having to choose
the content of
others Dallas calls himself The
Internet Vigilante well I haven't
seen it I don't know if he calls himself that I
see that his channel is called d review He doesn't
ask please call me The
Internet Vigilante but that in any case he
will be right in some things in
others not so many but that he puts delox or
rather but delox is doing it now or is it
supposed that he fell into promoting that I do
n't know how many years ago and then him but yes
what part are we going to see it's as simple
as that delos has been Here giving his
face about everything that has been said to him
challenging to debate anyone who accuses him
and nothing more than the debate that Silvia
Charro and the other one who were here
the two spectacle that why
describe it if it describes itself
and everything was already exposed
everything was exposed delos
removed those videos made others warning
people and correcting I don't know
what the host was the day of the debate but
if German has been here he would do the
same thing German would come and do a debate
on some channel not mine which is
smaller on the one in Dallas and he will do a debate
defending himself no German last year he
deceived you and now today he goes and
promotes it again I was left with it in one or
two or three companies that he shouldn't have
promoted Well he himself has
said it himself How long ago I do
n't know however in the last video
that he uploaded exposing German it seems
that you perfectly understand all the
points and even the last details of
what a Ponzi scheme consists of no but
however about Delox I don't know anything
a Ponzi is basically a
pyramid scheme it's called Ponzi by Carlos
Ponzi
And yes there will be many out there but Nimbus
is not one of them I mean the video about Delon not
the video about Delo Yes but Delox but
well let's see what
German has really promoted because
believe me it is more dangerous than it
seems I tell you today stop and the
magnitude of German is different from Delo
the videos of Delo  that doesn't matter either
Eh Well if you did it you did it and
if you made a mistake you made a mistake,
the video has 100,000 10 million or 500
views but man no no the truth is
delos was like 5 years ago 9 years ago I don't know
how many I think it was cco or 6 years
eh then he warned he removed the videos they were
videos with 200 views man let's see it
seems to me that there's a
difference I think that all of us, some to a greater or
lesser extent, have made mistakes Maybe
some more serious,
others less serious, for me if
delos is doing it to me now
then it's clear that we would be
giving him the paras and what we would be
saying but what the hell is this guy up to? Be
careful don't go to the posca because you're
going to the posca and now the guy is
using that promotion to
promote this but man who fell for
that five or six years ago what can I tell you
when there wasn't that
news what can I tell you it seems that
everyone who gets into this company is
making a lot of money and that it's
changing their lives But in two
years  all this will explode and the ceo
will end up fleeing from justice in fact
if you look eh where the headquarters of
this company is Well it says that it is located
in the Grenadine Islands okay So in itself
those of you who already have a little
experience in this whole issue of
ponzi scams will already know that
having the thirst for the Grenadine Islands
is not a very good sign because at
first this mainly means
that this page does not have any type of
regulation by the Mexican government which
is the one that should regulate them because it does not
In fact when you go to the
page It simply asks for your email it does not
ask for any type of identification and it
directly tells you to buy the
btc 500 membership or the
btc membership ah
the nimbus headquarters was in
Malta 1000 no that it is worth 500 and the other
1000 and some dollars they tell you buy it and you will get
rich no they do not give you any
details or how the system they
have works I mean they do not tell you
absolutely anything any type of
information or anything here you click on read
more no let's see what I'm
buying this 500 membership and it says
benefits plan available but no it doesn't
tell you what that benefits plan is like
or give you details or absolutely anything I mean there's no
information at all
Luckily I found this guy here who
is a youtuber who explains it to you it's a real
genius no he is
explaining to you obviously charging with his
referral link well how the
membership works this one is not that you can pay for two
memberships the btc 500 and the btc 1000 and
with both they give you like a manual
called leadership System with which they
offer you conventions seminars books
audios this is simply money that
you have to pay to enter but then
separately when you enter you have to pay
money to get like a Rank and
that's where you start earning money not
with $50,000 invested you earn eh $500 a
month with $50,000 you would earn 1,500 with
500,000 5,000 no And so on
and then in addition there is  a
referral system that the more people you bring in and
get them to invest money in the
page, then you raise your Rank and you earn
more commission and then they, watch out,
offer you bonuses that you can use to
buy a car. This is real, in other words,
here you have an image of a person
who, after investing 2 million
dollars and involving his entire family, all
his cousins, has finally managed to
buy a car. Congratulations, it's
a whole system like levels that
encourages you to continue leveling up as
if it were practically a video game
where obviously the money they are
generating is the money that people are
putting in. But they use the excuse
that your money is being used to
generate money with
cryptocurrency arbitrage when this is a
complete lie, they keep your money
to pay people who have already been
registered on the page for a while
and this, well, there will come a time after
2 TR years when people start to
get a higher return than the
money. Well, what they invested in the
beginning, well, in the end, it's a
pyramid scheme, exactly, well, well,
look, at least it proves
Dallas right, no. That's their problem.
now it's with delox
well the issue is not to say that delos
has also promoted things over the
years he himself has recognized it and
explained it here he has come forward in
a debate the problem I think it's
calling him a scammer, a huge scammer, the
biggest scammer on the internet who has
kept I don't know how many millions That's
where the laughable comments come from Oh
well it doesn't matter I haven't gotten into that I've already
closed it I've already closed it yes but
delox okay Well that's it Hey but
listen to me he has proven Dallas right
eh that The truth is that he
surprised me I thought he was going to
turn it around somehow you know let's
see Maribel What's up daughter
moves I'm going to see it here with you
but it's supposedly that you were talking on
Twitter that the vin pack has been leaked we
'll have to see the translation to This
okay we're going to be commenting on a topic
that is being shared And it is that on
Instagram supposedly V would have
shared
very risqu photos which I
cannot show because it's
outrageous, I mean, is YouTube bothered let's
see is YouTube bothered let's see Put it on we don't
bother I'm going to try  so you can
see even a little bro is it worth a p
Show me a Pixel vin it's not possible
friend no no no [ __ ] listen to me that
boyfriend she has will break your face
really fast eh I don't believe any of that
stuff but let's see This is a lie no
There it is
a little bit you can see here at the
top not what she's wearing
but who's going to take those
photos a little bit uploading and I can't upload
more does he bother to see
supposedly to see if you can't see anything at all
nothing if it's underwear I think it's
okay no photos to
Instagram statuses the section for friends which is
a
private section and many people started
asking Hey this is real this and that is
not And this in fact nauter B put it
in his last video but there is a
very important detail that I don't know Clara and that is
that photo is not
bi
va no vin here below maybe we
can see a little yes this I don't think
YouTube will be upset this would be a part
of the photo and it
belongs belongs to but if she doesn't have
the
tattoos a guy from his morbid fandom
surely he grabbed a photo of a
Random blonde chick and  He edited the photos
by putting those tattoos on her to make her look
similar but if she doesn't have the
tattoos I've seen an app that I don't
know what it's called and a girl who
shares photos are
public photos and among those photos this one appears
not this photo
which is why they made it
happen they made bim no I don't know what the
purpose of the post that this
user made is but it's quite strange no I mean I do
n't know what the purpose of her
user is let's see some comments I've already
come three
times okay Everything is very strange like a
person says I've already come three times I mean
why with that photo friend well
another one says the one who did it took the time
to calculate the details of the moles they
seem authentic the truth Although
after breaking up with Aurum the only thing she has
left is only
fans how well Auro ate Why do
people always focus on this food
well bro it's meat okay okay listen
I have the photos here eh I'm not going to
put them on the
screen I'm going to put them on the screen but I
'm looking at them for
pure for pure information eh for pure
information
[Music]
mmm of course if she has the tattoos
in the ones she posted of this turkey
The tattoos weren't there, so of course in the ones that this guy has put up it's because he has explained a little like the ass in the ones that this guy has explained the tattoos aren't there of course what this man has done he has shown the originals and here in the
montage they make it look like they are the
stories of villin's best friends no the
green circle in which I am no longer
and he has uploaded it with
tattoos well
mounted Well here there would be one from
behind I would
n't know how to describe this but well
the lingerie is very pretty Let's see no I don't
understand why you use this lingerie
honestly Well let's see if I know [ __ ] I
don't know how I don't know how to get out of this let's
see this lingerie no it doesn't even serve to
hold the pad I'm going to explain it
like this okay I mean no no no it doesn't
give you air from all sides it
gives you cool air from all sides I
mean it covers your belly a little Yes
that's this lingerie let's see I consider it
more than lingerie an apron to
put it on over your clothes not
underneath here we have another more
angular shot from below of what would be the
photo the third
photo all women have it good type
eh  I come back and comment I don't understand What's
the show if women take pictures in
swimsuits sexier than that linera is
a is a fake is a
fake look here it is here it is without a
tattoo of course You have to be sick
to falsify it like that bro dick
and I have two very important details to
comment on One of them is that eh the
person who published
this is very good at
editing Because look at a photo of the little nose
and of course it is obvious that it is fake
but Wow
Osa Why is it obviously fake why the
[ __ ] Well I thought it was a
photo eh like Lolito and
Aurus with a frying pan
with it makes sense also the real frying pan
this person has a future as a
video editor but let's see but it's very fake not
very good my beloved public time to talk
about Germany But first cocu has to
make an appearance esc to me Gar la plas that
the friendship of Juan and hari that the friendship
of Juan and hari you've gone too far no don't you think
you've gone a
little too far let's see
we'll see How everything evolves my people
come on let's talk a little German
now my people  let's talk bim I summon you
the update of the evidence that she
supposedly has a new boyfriend matters very
little I don't give a damn
but interest after it was made public
and official that she is no longer with Auro now
what I never saw coming was the
following on Twitter this account has
uploaded a video where
theoretically the screen of a mobile phone is recorded
video where she gets into the best
friends of Instagram let's see things are well
edited as they are vin
supposedly what happens well that we
come across a somewhat explicit photo
of her I said explicit well let's say
a bit erotic rather my opinion
I would bet on Yes very erotic they are not
explicit at all they are very erotic %
that it is fake or done by an AI okay
apart from that she does not show her face in any of
them the only thing minimally associative on a
physical level the tattoos villen has a
multitude of them In various parts of the
body here The Originals Okay what happens
well in the photos it seems that they are
perfectly fitted maybe they are
perfect they are perfect in fact I would
dare to tell you that I could
put you I would dare to put you these
photo censoring it
wait so you can see how well done it is
more than anything
okay let's see I would have to censor over
here I'm painting eh do you want me to
draw something in particular
guys do you want me to draw something in
particular guys ta
Dallas's head bald put it to
hide it I'm not going to cover this up I'm going to cover it up
a little bit here too even if you can't
see anything here but I'll cover it up
too and that's it I would say that everything is fine let's
see basically the tattoos are eh they
are fitted perfectly perfectly
but let's go perfect I
mean whoever
edits it, whoever edits it, let's go edits it perfectly an I'm going
to do that I don't know
but I don't rule it out either yes it's
true that AI usually transform
normal or erotic photos into totally
explicit ones these are directly
erotic they did it to make it more
believable they applied Photoshop I have no idea
But what is the reason for such a level of
elaboration with the recording and everything
anyway if it's fake the whole thing is quite sick
[ __ ] It's that also what a job
How many visits does
this have 30,000
30,000 osti I thought they had had
I thought I had had more man
jaim michu Thank you so much 10
more pieces of members or handsome
Thank you so much we love you very
much we love you very much El Cuervo
how are you Well before seeing a little thing
before seeing a little thing what
Juan said about Dallas do you think how
long we've been here Ah we have
plenty of time do you think we see do you think
we see a
little the opinion of the discussion about
Carch first of all our good
friend It
seems very surreal to me it's Stream
because out of nowhere I see him on his
back in bed I was lying with
another guy who was
literally playing it seemed very strange to me
but the discussion I fall like a peak now
but well we can joke about him from time to
time he can joke about almost all the week
I
would say I'm not going to understand
not accepting when they do things wrong I
don't understand it and I will never understand
carche must live in a reality in
which he did everything right the lingerie is very
pretty jaj Javi You are the best Alba how  she's
so pretty damn do you know who
Alba is Alba is Alba's girl never
lose those conversations eh Alba is
the girl who once lent me an
account
eh She had an account in which she
pretended to be my hater and
And with that account in which she pretended to be
my hater all these little groups
followed her and once she lent it to me I don't
remember if it was to certify a tweet from
one of them I don't remember some
move from some trial she had I don't
remember yes but come on It would be for something like
that no and she told me I have
this account I don't know what I don't know how much and she
lent it to me and I leaked it on screen I
leaked it on screen and since then
when was that well Maribel that's what I'm
talking to you in 2020 or 2021 I mean on
screen here reacting I left it
open And then those who
constantly watch me who watch me my entire
life What time I get up what
time I go to bed they watch me if I if I if I get
angry with someone they know if I  I
forgive with someone they know Eh well they
saw it let's go here we
all realized because you told me running a
shocka it was a shocka and everyone running
you told me Javi the multi the multi man
when did you lent it to me Alba the day
before the day before she left it to me maybe
the day before Maybe she
had lent it to me but of course I wasn't
even hiding it No, I don't know, I'm not
used to having multis because
the truth is No, it's not that I don't need
a murtic account the truth is it seems
[ __ ] cowardly to make a [ __ ] murtic
account because you don't dare to say
from yours Whatever you want to say From
that As simple as that, let's
go and the day I catch you In
what But well, each one is as it is Alba
lent it to me and there I have it, there I have
the proof, let's go Well, even to
this day they tell me that I had an
account but well, who does it come from, what for? I
don't understand from the comment he
made He understands that
Auro's comment is not about him and let's go and clearly it's
about him it's about several and I, I didn't
understand it just like the guy says  sh uncle
shur put this
[Music]
in uncle sh put this in the thumbnail
of his newscast and of course when I saw that
thumbnail I said [ __ ] Yeah that's what
carche said but in reality car didn't say that he
said that until the day that Auro doesn't
feel like saying Hey no that carche
is everything fine that such and such
and they weren't going to stop calling him a rat or
this or that eh I don't think karch doesn't
think he's after him what I understood from
what carche said was that
the hate had fallen on him especially
because of some of Auron's hints and until
Auron came out to say that
everything was fine you know but no no not denying the
message at least that's how I understood it
eh I think that between him he's one correct he is
one if it hadn't been fixed how are we
going to see Auron's story it's
absurd to deny that it wasn't after carch among
others eh among others I mean it was between
all of us who were talking I mean
it was for all of us who were talking
okay auron was I was in contact
with him  very often those days
and and also we were on a live show
when he told that story and
he was probably watching the live show if I
remember, the mother came in once
too and commented at that time, okay.
Later, whatever he said to Carch, I don't
know, I think they haven't finished
talking about the subject,
eh, with Ribor, like with Juan, like with, it's that
according to him they made up, according to
him, they made up and they made peace, they made
peace and they ended up good, more or
less, they haven't talked things through in depth,
but more or less, everything was
clear, he even called people clowns, he
even called people clowns, that
this was, this was a lie from
Carche, these people there, they hadn't made up
and he was saying that they met Javi
the night that there were 20,000 of us, no, it wasn't that
night, it was
another, it was
another, eh, he was calling him a traitor at
that time, but but Auron never, never
reaffirmed this reconciliation and he never clarified
who he was talking about, that's
why when I clarify the reconciliation, let
's see, Reconciliation, but not
in an S way like before  but well come on it's over
you know the reconciliation was kind of lukewarm
and clarifying who was
going to see it I think those white and
bottled attacked with this rat thing the
people went after Juan Ari carch eh what do
I know the majority of the amongos group
saw I think what sentenced
carch I don't know if you
guys remember that live the day after
the funa for when
a Lego you don't owe it XD I have to do the mini eh no it has to be done the mini now eh the mini has to be done he came out eating a hamburger and and and he started to joke around with everyone like
I've talked to Auro And you guys are some I do
n't know how many and some I don't know less and you
're saying things without knowing that
live he sentenced him clear super
arrogant super like things the
women let's see for me for me what
kills him the most is the clip of I owe him everything
auron play for auron I give my life
and and the last the last the most the most
recent of No I already had an average of
2000 3000 viewers with  my
own roles what I had was the luck
that people wanted to see more of this
server but everything I did I did
alone How they are hitting the career
that yv IB is hitting him or her, I mean carche
owes him his life yb is hitting him or her a
race a race that I hadn't seen
in a long time he put him in the evening
the Streams appear they put him or her the
Streams in the girls' debate he
put him there it's like he's there all the
time he's there like forcing him so that
you get
it Auro at the time and
now he's carrying it Yes yes yes B he is he
has it in a gold display case eh he puts it
everywhere and it's noticeable it's noticeable that PR
for I think they are real friends like friends friends
Unfortunately but he
's losing
followers again
his or rather the last Stream had 700
Sorry guel had 773 peak How we have
changed no before he was shouting
733 from viers and now he had and lost 28
followers 65 in the previous 67 he won 18
22 -  53 - 8 men 90 men1 and he's
losing again for some reason it must be because of his
comment it's shur's fault I mean as
soon as shur puts it in a shur news
the followers start to drop it's my
fault it's true it's true I was winning you
messed up a lot for me Haha the same day you
leak it Greetings from Belgium it's been a while since I
donated but here I still see the
gossip red heart red heart Well
the other day I had your name on the tip
of my tongue well the other day it was a
few weeks ago that I saw some of these I do
n't know if it was Tania or someone
telling me about her I think she was undermining
because I was on a trip I don't know if I
was on a plane and she was undermining
Tania and there she jumped on a live
accusing me of having multiple accounts to
insult I don't know what it is like girl why the
hell do you start saying something that you
don't have a [ __ ] clue about because someone
told you when that's already been super
clarified in fact Alba if you
talk to me if you talk to me on Instagram now
so that she puts  your message top if
you can take a screenshot of the
conversation in which you tell me I have
an account I tell you leave it to me for this
for that okay It would be good to put it
here that it is losing again I mean it was
like being carried no
But then there is no way dude or
conb and on YouTube Then we forget
and it is the fault of the gossip channels
sons of [ __ ] uncle malign and before
speaking very well in the presence of
cares his ex-partner
Abi saw what he said that people
mess with her and her physical appearance
and they compare her even to her nose and everything and
she says that she looks much better now I didn't
see that
Dei I saw it the other day When was it the day
before yesterday that you didn't show the news and I had to
watch Javi's I had to
betray you nothing happens friend I understand
money is money that's
why but if you watch them all sons of [ __ ]
Yeah at what moment I get here gibel I don't
know what gibel I don't know how much in those clis
and you see all
my newscasts Din money and there he came out to say that
what people get into and that  the
gossip channels talk about her nose of
everything and Well skinny what are we going to do
But he's obsessed with
Abi's nose but hab seen pretty eh I mean let's see I'm
going to look to see I don't know if maybe there will
be a lot of retouching in the photos I don't
know but in the Stream even I see her
much more beautiful no Let's see let's
see yes no I
think the changes turn her on very well Let's
see she's not eh hyper mega you know
but well she's cute it's not that let's see the
criticism by how cute now Abi dude I don't know
Ed What do you think I see her let's see I don't know if there will
be a lot of retouching in the photos
maybe but I don't know
before no but now I see her quite
cute not
well She is pretty or the crte of her tweet
for example where she says the physique of
people doesn't matter and if you do a
cosmetic procedure it's because your
own physique has mattered to you You
know Now if you feel good about
this change then I have little to
say and my opinion should seem
irrelevant to you since what matters here
is how you feel  she is
pretty she is not SIM If a person is
pretty she is pretty the stutterer is Al Capone
with 15 years
less let's see there is Ricky but
neither do you have an
opinion on the new controversy of
energy
1994 if you send it to me we will
watch it But it is more tuned with
Formula 1 it is tuned but it is No
what nonsense is that it is tuned because if I
had not had hair then I would have
entrances and exits what do you want but I
have it well or I do not have it
well the truth is nothing happens I do not
know I do not I do not know how much
this and talking about this [ __ ] Well
let's talk about carch And then I want to
talk about the stupidity of Toms maa with
Tiago because that seems
stupid to me there are no problems
after you because there is nothing that defines
Argentina more than stupid problems
handled by
stupid people but we continue with carch I think
that carch is living in an
altered reality in which he is the good one and everyone
hates him for no reason it is that he has to
see what he said he stutters
the clip before and the clip after if he sees
that clip he has to  understand that it's obvious
that auron is going to say this guy before he
gives me life and now the minimum how about
to tear your ass and how are you going to sit
Well bad if they do that to you what are you going to
do with that person because you don't want to
know anything about that person what were the
words Sorry to interrupt you but
what were the exact words or
paraphrasing what aonda said about
the rats because I don't remember that clip I'll
look for it for you a
minute it was it was if I don't remember well an Instagram story soon All the little rats are going to fall the one who played the most on the rats' backs something like that soon on the raas' backs who played the most there was
actually his brother
Ah
H a lot the brother said
a lot of wine this evening I think the
two well what what's up I think not I think they're not going to be any joke I think hopefully
this guy doesn't forgive a single
one Let's
see but it was something like that how the
little rats came out and we'll have to give it to him How many
little rats lately I'll come back and I'll hit them
on the back or something like that was what God  we will
give it for the back I think it's in my
Ah but it was a post because he
said he was going to come back crazier than
ever DEA correct Ah I thought it was
a clip in which p say no well
but the brother is the crazy one
in the center What the brother says does not
contribute anything auron's brother is
totally over there he is absolutely gone It's that
for me he thinks he did nothing to
deserve the hate because he says that this
is what I believe Watch
nauter's video at minute 6 you're going to freak out a
little Tell me the clinic where you went
for your hair please let's see if there is one there a
kiss handsome and I'll reserve it
reserve it
Elo
eh Roco Vzquez clinic in Seville It's
the best you're going to
find for sure but there isn't one in
Barcelona no but come to Seville Very
good piss I've had my hair shaved at the
hairdresser of my whole life and he hadn't
realized that we had that I had gotten
hair and I had been
shaved all my life but level came to my house on
my wedding day to comb my hair for
the
wedding what is this cocu thing host It's
about cocu
okay we'll see now apart then
wait there are people who hear for no
reason no I think that people hear you
because you did something that they didn't like that
was betrayed by a person who
helped you a lot and that never looks good nobody
sees it as normal That is it is frowned upon
Look at me they started to take me out of
context The C of that I said that
carche I'm going to leave you without zero with zero
followers how was it not what
let's see if you have your entire career
but this has even happened to me with
people and then they throw it in my face eh
then you have the nerve to
throw it out Let's see let's see let's
see if you
have many followers in
carche's case I think it was basically
his entire career No if you have many
followers from someone else bigger
if you do something bad to that person who
has behaved well
with you then you're going to lose it Of course I do
n't know maybe carche thought they
were
his I thought today was a live with
trium it was tomorrow trium called me to
do it tomorrow  but I think that in the end he
sent me a message while I was
here live that it's not tomorrow
tomorrow I'll probably do one with a
psychologist for the main channel
So I think I think the live with
Trium told you I'm going to tell you I think
that over the weekend I think over the
weekend he got it back with Ibai well I've been
watching that no let's see you
told me to look at minute 6 I think
it's about Czu and Ibai I mean
this could be
a bit strong eh Like the point my people we have Koku commenting that he's going to convince Ibai to go to Kick Ah this I'll do it Oh I saw it I saw it we discussed it in well I didn't see this on Twitter we discussed it in a news report I think in the news we discussed it I mean
Ivai well they put the clip of Ivai
saying that K I don't know what that
basically what IV is doing there
is playing with the fishing rod like what happened
last year I don't know if it was I himself
or Auron who did it when
the date was approaching when
the contract with Twitch ended Okay but don't
go kik V to  kik cones In any case
YouTube would leave
okay But let's run czu that is
that czu I don't know what contract he
made with kik that it seems that it is part of
the company, I mean, for example, I have seen
other creators who are in kik But
well but the thing is that czu talks to you about kik
that it seems that it is in the company
K's sweatshirt with I don't know what you know I don't know he
is like super involved with the
platform it
was like me with j but I with j is that he
had a contract, I mean, I with j had
a
special contract the things that are
coming and with I'm going to talk also take out
m tikt with I'm going to talk you have to
understand some things and it's like in the
middle of a pitcher the controversy of coku with
the evening I does G what happens with It's that
the agenda the days the
schedules level of what it has what's going on tesa
Kick is if they donate a lot I mean yes yes they
donate a lot many
members a lot but a lot
So yes you see the difference because
YouTube takes away
30% and Kick takes away the
eh Kick takes away the
0.5 no or something like that no  5%
only no Javi they pay you for the simple
fact of doing
live broadcasts I've never had that option
in my [ __ ]
life You in kin don't earn from ads
alone You only earn eh from
donations are a lie Of course if not we
would go to k and then you would upload the
extracts Here As simple as that and I would
upload the live broadcasts in full for
members
Hey I'm not interested in uploading the live broadcasts
here to the Channel I earn a lot of money with the live
broadcasts Sur He already said he earns three times
more I can't believe it tomorrow I'm going to
call Uncle Sur now I'm not going to
talk to him because the south is going to bed
early tomorrow I'm going to
call him tomorrow I'm going to talk to Uncle Sur
man if that's how it is I'm going to
Kick it's that If that were like that they pay you
to do live broadcasts that can't be
tomorrow I'm going to talk to Uncle Shur to
see what that's about no because it's that
simple as I go to Kick and
then here
eh I upload the live broadcasts only for the
entire members and here I upload the extracts I upload
the extracts and the entire live broadcast eh And
the entire live broadcast  I put up for membership
and I gain more
members here because here we used to reach
3000 or 4000 members 3000 4000 not 3000 and some
change because because the live shows were
only left for members what happens is that
I earn a lot of money leaving the
live shows here, I mean there are live shows that
suddenly I see that one month has caught
Look, I mean the live shows stay as
an
uploaded video the live shows stay as an
uploaded video and there are live shows Look, I mean
1,700,000 250,000
175,000 this live show for [ __ ] money
two or three months ago this live show for
[ __ ] money two or three months ago I don't know
what happened and it went to 166,000 views
maybe it had like all the live shows it
had 20 30 40,000 maybe a little
more because it was some controversy I don't think it
was a year ago the time when
Abi wismichu was there all the fuss  this one like
No but well, let's say you had
50,000
okay And suddenly YouTube decided to go
viral and there it is look, I
mean and here a ton of visits come in
every every every day, I mean, a large part of it you
haven't seen in the statistics that
appear in the statistics that
Joe puts up, who puts up the visits from
short's live shows and puts up another session that he puts up in
previous months, a lot of visits are from
live shows there are hundreds of euros,
surely hundreds of euros that
are surely from live shows to be uploaded here
So yes, it was good to have
3,000, 3,000 and some members but it's
better to have all those visits with a
ton of ads in between or that doesn't make
sense, it makes it impossible, I don't
touch anything anymore, eh, I mean, things
are as they are, everything is on its
channel, perfect as it should be,
okay, tomorrow I'm going to record a video here maybe
in here maybe what's giving me
a little bit of a hard time are the excerpts
because I don't know if the excerpts are
hurting my visits to the news, I don't
know if maybe I would have already  managed to get
the news to have more views yes it
is true that they stay between 30
40,000 40 and some thousand but I think that if
the extracts weren't in the middle I
would have managed to
get them to maybe 70 But well, it's not
that the gossip is there, we have to see it
when it's here when suddenly we have
a time when some gossip comes like you
know eh but now it's divine
divine everything on his channel everything is
perfect and all the
channels are working all the
channels are working divinely
you today I uploaded this video I don't know if I arrived
too late but I think I don't think that the
Mexican damer thing yet I think it's
still
good but well very cool eh very cool
Everything The truth is I'm super proud of the
main Channel
a place to be able to answer a
message I also understand it must have
messages from the entire world because
would answer the T did you see that IB wants to
make a LOL league eh No, I didn't know
but I with IB I mean iay doesn't
talk to me anymore I don't talk to ibai anymore I spoke to him
twice to ask a few things he didn't
answer me and it's complicated to talk  with
him the curse continues in that case
you tell me how the hell is he going to tell him the
wonders of Kick if there is no feedback
with him but I raise The Bet Look, I have
never done and he is always talking
bad about ki that if it is a plagiarism in ki and
the platform is not bad at all I mean it
is not badly designed it is
literally a plagiarism of Twitch in
green then who puts the money and
what is done there is another thing, I mean it does not
last more than 3 minutes But what
Kick is as such is Twitch in green it goes a
little slower it gives the sensation that
you do an evening there and bring down the
server the page and break the fridge
of the guy who is working there but
because I was like a little slow, I mean I
applied the channels and it was like I was
half slow with Twitch But the sons
of [ __ ] have put in a
spectacular plagiarism and they all [ __ ] sud
eh if the percentages offered or
payment methods paint it fake it scares me I
scare the truth that kck it
scares me and and and everything that  they promise it
smells like a fake strea here on
our channel and we give you
free money I don't know I don't know that in months eh
I don't know that that's weird weird eh it's that
when they give me money look at it u be
careful careful careful eh be careful
how you give me money Why Ah okay I just
sold you one of my legs Ah
okay I just signed the Partner and
now and now a leg belongs to
my body okay okay okay okay I hadn't
read it well my [ __ ] side
come on take it off go on take it off quickly it's
complicated I don't know how it will end here
but it will affect me too damn And look at how Twitch
does things wrong eh but this whole deal with
us will be 99% of the
subscriptions for the streamers and only
1% for us come on you don't give it to me
man man no no no there are no
people that good in the world guys that I do
n't believe it take I'm offering you something
99% of the profits for you I only
keep 0.3 for.  no no no don't
lie to me don't lie to me again only 1%
no only 1% no but in theory it said here
that it was 955 that it could be real but
let's see how long it lasts [ __ ]
if years keep putting in money well let's see there's
one there's a casino behind kck no I mean there's
Steak you'll have money but the
money guys at some point runs out
No I have thought that man domi Javi
trunk did you see my shorts with bror Jorge
crendes or the singer el koala you are the
best But how What domi But how how do
you have shorts with the
koala
domi How are you going to have shorts with the
koala domi
[Music]
but but when you refer to shorts
with the koala What do you mean
domi to a zoo animal or the
singer they have had these clips for almost a year
and they are still standing and the latest Oh it's that I
have a lot of affection for Twitch it's a real
thing to leave Twitch man eh It's that we have
been here for so many years man that it's a
real thing eh I know that now a lot of people are
leaving they are  going to platforms and such Well, the
truth is guys, I
think I'm incapable, I'm serious,
man, I mean, it's that, I mean, and I'm not saying this
because I've received any offer, I don't
have an offer from anyone, I mean, no, I'm not
wanted by anyone, I'm like the typical
free agent from the NBA that
nobody wants, eh, I mean, things as they are, if not, I would
tell you, I don't have an offer from anyone, I
mean literally, but of course now with how
everyone is with the fact that they're going here
Well, especially in Latin America It's that,
man, it really has to be an
offer that, let's say that the
people in the chat tell me V Look, accept it or
are you an idiot, honey, two points in the form
of a contract that very few have with
Twitch, ibai or what Let's see, ibai doesn't
have a contract, it's a lie, ibai has a
contract, in fact, very few people
currently have a contract on Twitch,
mine ended a while ago, eh in
Spain, I would say that auron and b I think
are the only ones who have a contract and
auron is about to end and ibai, eh, I
think he has a contract But  because I
mean Twitch has changed its policies a lot
and before they paid
creators more and made contracts now they
are not maintaining them and the ones that I had
clear this this year those who go to
HM those who go there coming to an end
okay eh I understand those that are expiring I
understand that only
IB and auron are going to renew them
period No more there is no one who has there is no
one who has those numbers
to renew a contract we had a
contract before little by little they are
ending them and I think that their objective
in the future of Twitch is to not have
anyone Before there were many contracts
before I think that eh well I'm not going to
talk about the others But for example I
had a contract and there were more people but I
think that little by little the
contracts are being loaded and in fact little by little Twitch is
trying to make the platform more and more
profitable said contract the debik with
Twitch would explain many things da da
thing to leave Twitch man eh Oh and the
previous one too So we have a
contract we are not ashamed but it's that
[ __ ] this has been going on for so many years man since
this channel that gives  shame you know
depending on the money they put
on the table, man, it really has to
be an offer that you, let's go, that
the people in the chat tell me, look,
accept it, Ah, it's stupid, offer, he says that they have
n't received it yet, I doubt
it and I'm not saying it because no offer has arrived, I
don't have an offer from anyone
and taking into account Kick's contract
with Wescol, let's see, I don't know,
Wescol, let's see, Wescol for the bers he
has and also with Kick, I think he has to
have a really crazy contract, let's see, I
could believe that
Wescol's contract is better than IV's because
Kick's figures, if they say they'll pay you, are
absurd and the amount they paid
Peter or what they supposedly
wanted to pay Chosa, they paid
Peter for the
kck thing, eh Let's see if they're wrong and they
come looking for me, I think it's
money, I think they paid him
money. But also the good thing is that it
's not exclusive, no because it could be in
both sites, but man, it came out here.
Ah, I don't know if I should tell you. It's that no  I don't know
if I should tell you why pay
attention to these characters, eh? What's the
point? Why pay attention to these characters, eh? What's the point? It doesn't matter what it's all
about, nothing, nothing, nothing, it was just a little
thing that came to me, no, no, no, no, no, I'll
tell you
privately later, let's see. It's just that I have it here to
see what's
clear has a little to do with this, let's
see, wait, wesc explodes with ibai IB is
a rat, I mean, to such an extent they have, to such an
extent they have
reserved themselves, I mean, they have gotten so heated
until reaching this, let's say this was
arguing about who of the two gets paid
more, one saying I get paid more than
surely and the other
saying, what's the movie you've
put together? Javi I did three voices with the
singer koala, the real one, I uploaded one to
tiktok, another to Instagram and another to YouTube and
Sorry if I'm heavy, go ahead,
a kiss, a kiss, I'll see them later, I'll
see them okay. But come on, I think
the career you're having is impressive,
domi. Congratulations,
all the controversy has been
dragging on for a while, in part because ibay has
criticized the way of clicking, talking about
how visits are inflated there by finger and
of course that's indirectly  it's a criticism
of the creators of that platform Well it
's not a criticism of the creators of that
platform it's that they really think it's
thought that there are numbers that are not
very real But well we'll see them we'll
see them it's thought I don't know if it's
true or not to me there are Some numbers from
some creators that seem [ __ ]
crazy What you say Damn but this is a
number Damn but all these users
have this platform no longer because of the
creator as such but because of the platform
eh I mean No it's not because of the creator it's because of
the platform it's like so many people have
these
people but everything exploded as a result of a
question from ibai about whether
or not the foker have a Bot this is where wco explodes
Because if the question is about the
foker president of the Galactico
del Caribe team of King Leith it is an
indirect attack on his image as well because
saying that the creators of
kit content have or do not have a Bot is a disregard for the
work of these people and their achievements
personally wcol has always
seemed to me to be a person with a very
big ego and who says very controversial things
however he is a person who demands
respect both himself and his work  and he does
n't stay quiet Even if the person he's
criticizing is going to be ibai Let's
see what wcol said and he's a rat
to me too Ah I'm already getting
angry brother really dog me how I
've treated him with respect how I've
always spoken well of him he's given it to him
pa I've always treated him well
you know dude Cucho how I've
treated Cucho does Speaking clearly with
respect always dude always pa I've never
disrespected him and that dude can't
see that someone has more viewers
than him because he uses Bots Ah kik alofo uses
Bots too How to use balofo what's up is that
how is there the only one who can have
people here is him or what ah is that it's the
real brother one can't have views
because he has Bots Why don't you take away
the du and once and for all show me what
my average viewers were on Twitch when
I used to get to 4at days in a row putting in
100,000 people remember Ah ta ta
100,000 people When had you
seen that nothing I  I was more glued to
Twitch than when I came here
bro My last stream on Twitch was
145,000 people so what do I use
Bots everywhere dude 1 like on
instagram what 400,000 likes for each
photo as if I were an old woman in thongs
pap what Perea but he threw at loso that
you pa he threw us both he
threw us both that is
discrediting the work my brother that
you take and a person comes to you that
person has viewers and immediately that you
know what that don't even want to discredit the
work That is arrogance dude And that
is how you feel you feel overshadowed you feel
overshadowed bro because what's
wrong with another person having viewers
then they have to have Bots
Well if someone reaches a certain amount of
viewers it has to be Bots but
if it goes nailed 4 million viewers no no no
none of them are Bots Of course not daddy the
best that's daddy that's that's being
a rat that's being a rat  pa and leave it to me
in a camel because
I'm on another platform I'm
relaxed I'm calm I
always refer to Cucho with respect So what's
the problem well
Ah and then one is the problem no I
think it's not because of that only eh I think it's been
stung by a few more
things eh ha well it's a lack of
respect brother that ah that what is that
one uses vo come here see come
rehearse go to all the Argentinians who
are already rehearsing come see come see
how many Bots there are Do it
yourself do the test yourself dude
do the test yourself for everyone s I you
know what would be a good test eh a
webc live
on Twitch or on YouTube maybe to see
platforms in which obviously
at least it would have to have the same or
a little less maybe I don't know okay
but
I understand that there are supposed to be more people
on YouTube or
yes no on YouTube and on and on Twitch no
but of course if the Stream on Kick I don't know if
that one let's see whatever sooner or later I
think it will be known eh yo  I catch
on a channel without warning on Twitch and I have
and on a channel that is neither mine nor mine
dude on Stream we've nailed up to
12,000 people strep a Twitch channel
that is not even mine without warning on
main networks 12,000 people we've
put there Oh my God really really
[ __ ] contempt partner they have rage pass
That They have pa I'm going to tell you something that is something that is
something true of them
because they were born with that turn
dude they were born with that arrogance that
desire that a lot of being superior pa that's
the reality anger is that is something that
you say dude but what harm are you
doing well one here Ah that is why it is
difficult for them they do not even mention
one's name you saw how much trouble it
was brother for them to mention
one's name that arrogance that they have
even I had to be such a
great person for them to be
forced to mention my
name because they did not even do it Let's
see let's see what gref has said
about
this anyone because sometimes he lets his
tongue slip  and he says things he doesn't have and
alofoke very upset with ibai for
supposedly accusing him of using Bots I didn't
hit him that hard because he was
sucking me off so I could get him Bad
Bunny for the evening [ __ ] I
regret having sucked him off
How is that son of a [ __ ] going to
tell you that you use Bots the son of a [ __ ] didn't
tell me in my
face I threw a bucket of [ __ ] at him
gald no that's how it has to be me
right now I'm going to throw [ __ ] at him too I
even threw [ __ ] at him so he
learns to
respect you mom the
crazy bug I'm going son of a [ __ ] to spend
with you the big [ __ ] I'm going to
tell it with a name [ __ ] no me I already
had it no it's that yes bro you can't go out and
talk like that how is that son of a [ __ ]
going to say that you have Bot
Ah yeah say that Box later I said it
tell me to my face and he didn't tell me No
well he's going to tell you but
obviously he's not going to tell you but he didn't
tell me the son of a [ __ ] to my face and
mom you know why Yo  I didn't hit him that hard
because he was sucking me off so he could
get big balls dude
stop because he was sucking me off so I could
get him Bani for the
evening Well we talked about pu host very
saucy clip no guys I'm even a
little shocked a
lot good good good
save it going to save it well I
let's say it has played against him
something that he always does to me it doesn't
surprise me I was watching the live I
saw the final for the Americas a little bit
in the live of iito and Mario and
suddenly I goes and says listen alofoke
uses Bots and it's something that he does a lot
he's very good at asking questions in which he
pretends not to say something and that
someone else says it for him so of
course spursito said well I
sincerely believe that no And you ibai what do you
think But ibai does that a lot
Sometimes with the people around him he throws
questions that he himself doesn't want to say
so that someone else answers them and he leaves like that
man How badly they all fall eh how badly
gref falls with ibai I mean gref and  ivai
can't see each other dude do you remember when I
told gref that? eh well
a few can't see gref and then in
public you see them like they're talking
eh with him and they participate and gref invites them
to the elan and they invite them to his
series and to his events, I mean they do that
dude but really Then
some people come up to me and tell me about gref's gossip
Okay and gref can't see
them either I mean it gives me the feeling that
gref can't stand ibay but
besides it's already noticeable eh ibay hit hard
at gref, he did something that for me was very
low which was to bring up the thing about the
Andorra days Why the [ __ ] are you attacking him
with that to his [ __ ] face and then gre
came back at him with the thing that I go and pay
taxes as a
society they can't see each other they can't
see each other dude I don't understand
collaborations like that between people you don't
get along with and such
dude I mean I understand that there are places where you have to
coincide for example
imagine a big event and such
they invite but since it's your [ __ ] [ __ ] event inviting a guy that you can't stand or I don't know the truth I try to put myself in his place no I mean I put myself in and I say Well I would go to an event of a guy that I can't stand and
actually yes no if you like the event yes no
if you like the event yes no no
but of course one thing is that you go to
an event because I think that I would do that
but for example what I wouldn't do
would be a buddy a collaboration maybe
not a Oh come on I'll paint you The
Minecraft House come on then you paint it
for me maybe it wouldn't be there the
line not because of the brands like that not only because of
the brands let's see for example me the
hland for example I would like to go the
evening maybe it doesn't call me that much
the evening maybe it doesn't call me
that much the the he calls me more the elan yeah I would go
dude because it's like a compilation
not
of it's like a compilation of all the of
all the streamers no of all the
streamers of the year of all moments
of the year I don't know I like it more maybe the
Verada is more sporty and you already know
that sport isn't really my thing
no but of course not enough to be with
[Music]
Gref you're a baller Ase to Gref when you
found him at the Calamar well the
fact is that I didn't find him he came to
baller I armed your dad Javi Oliveras
he came Javi Oliveira I don't know what I don't know how much do
n't make me a video and I followed the
roll that I'm going to make spit on him but yes
yes I understand that it's work yes let's
see I understand that it's work but there are
other things that I don't understand there of
course the thing is that I know other
things that you don't things let's see okay
look I'm going to set the limit here okay
And you're going to
understand okay I buy you that I would go because
I would do it okay I try to put myself in
the shoes okay of the one I'm going to criticize
And of what I'm going to criticize So I
put myself and I say damn what a lie I don't know what
but I say eh I would do it too you
might be interested Up to a certain limit eh
like for example the evening  the rech s for
the reasons that you already know okay But
well Uh yes it might interest you take
some pictures in the photocall you pose no And you
get elegant with your girlfriend and you
get Cool no
eh And also because you like the
experience okay Yes yes but up to
certain limits no but now I'll give you
another example And if there were
personal issues When I say personal issues it means that
something has happened between you Since it
goes further
Imagine that something serious has happened and a
streamer has said something super serious about your
sister or your girlfriend or your mother I
know something personal
serious you
understand and that behind your back you
both go putting each other in green I don't know the
truth of course there are serious things
I put myself in another clear when I
'm saying it No no it's to put myself in
the shoes of Oh that's false this one goes
to the other's event no me for example about
the evening is what I'm telling you I mean there was
an important issue in between they
invite me to the evening this year and the
same I go and I go eh I mean and I go yes
why not I mean in fact it is  over there
Fran probably this year
eh I wouldn't be surprised in fact if he went to
Madrid to see Fran
those days if he stays around here or whatever
eh whatever What's against the evening
this year you know what I mean
But let's see what the evening is, man, it
's not something that's for me You know what
sport man It's that for me that maybe
for the Roa red carpet Yeah but then
swallowing the whole evening I don't feel like it
but
Eh there are certain personal things between
youtubers that don't make
sense then you don't V no longer
see them at an event because you can
even go to an event this big
where they're all okay it's seeing them
play live together with each
other I don't want to give any more details But there's
one fact that's really cool there's one fact that's really
[ __ ] cool
you guys see it as normal that Ari presents The
hlan I don't know maybe you guys see it
differently than
me but it's just that
and and I don't know on the part of the three of them
is worse
So what's happening is that this has sat
very badly with alofoke and
westcol I was there at that moment  I know when they're
talking because they
said it about alofoke and then alofoke came
into the call and they were all
like that ent Well for me gre doesn't leave him
bad in any way I mean gre
that gre that
is
good if it is that it is that it is the usual guys
we spend many hours live and here
even the smartest the dumbest and
anyone well sometimes he talks
and says things he doesn't have to
say it has happened to all of us and
the discount will happen to us but man I mean you have
given him green albay [ __ ] now
discount now discount eh but you have given him
green you have given him green [ __ ]
al It's not a problem gref say it say it gref
[ __ ] don't [ __ ] yourself I do
n't know that's where I see Maybe
a little bit of the limit and how far it
can be falsified or not obviously it is
work is what I'm telling you I mean I would
go to places where I can't
see others or where I coincide with others
It's that look I'll give you the example It's that
this is work okay I mean look at how far it is
work that you  I'll give you an
example Okay, and I
think you'll understand Unless you're idiots, okay,
eh,
imagine if they call me to
collaborate on one of these
gossip shows. Not now that I'm into
telesalseo and all this stuff about
reality shows and tele5 stuff. No, they're
probably going to take me with someone else who'll
kill me so that on the
set we can debate and discuss and all that stuff. They're
not going to take all the
collaborators who think the same.
You know that. It's logical, okay, but I do
n't see other things, logical, I don't
know, but I'm telling you. I mean, maybe I don't
know about things from within each person's life. I don't
know. Well, today
[Music]
eh, with this little topic, with this little topic we're going to
finish the live show, but it's
not a weak topic, eh, I mean, Juan has
thrown himself at Dallas like that, I'm telling you directly,
okay, because this is going to Dala 100%.
In fact,
everyone who has commented on it has put it up.  the title
Juan would change the subject a bit and
comment that the dehumanization that
exists on social networks with respect to
him is quite aggravated. And yes, Juan
lately is like more, He's moving
forward with the Dallas subject, eh, I mean, from
time to time he throws a little dig at him. You recently
saw that he threw it out
directly, no, and this could have been denoted
when the whole issue with his sister happened.
I feel that the dehumanization that
currently exists on the internet is a very
heavy thing because they believe that they
can really tell you absolutely anything and that
you don't feel a thing. I want to believe that
people don't act like this thinking that they
are hurting someone. I want to
believe it because it would be ugly. It's already ugly in
itself, but I want to believe that that
here he could be talking about
anything, little by little, getting into the subject, not
a little bit of what people tell you and
what they comment, no, I don't know if
a specific comment is crossing his mind,
okay, it could be very
general, it could be about Twitter accounts, it
couldn't be like this little puppy,
look, look, eh, while we're live,
eh, he'll never say that Dallas is not
right  I see that your channel is called
Dallas review No, please call me
The Internet Vigilante but that in
any case you will be right in some
things in others not so much but that you put
delox I see that your channel is called d la
review no
like 94 exactly the audience of G
passes Juan a kiss very handsome
welcome this
fan account is retransmitting everything that happens
here that a
total dehumanization of people has been done and that people
attack in these ways he edits it so
quickly [ __ ] Hey hmo short javel canino
hmo short insults in these ways without
realizing that he is truly
causing harm to someone because if they
were aware of the harm they cause
Well, I don't see it, I don't see it, the
truth is, you know when I noticed a lot of the
total dehumanization in which we are
with the issue of my sister and of course
this is when Juan guarnizo would expose
the people when they criticized him when
going through this very serious situation, giving
some examples of the messages that
came to him that perhaps we already know From
whom
people don't know friends the amount
of messages that came to me that
began  with a I don't like you but I don't
like you but everything you've done to me
but of course here This goes to Dalas it's not
getting in a little no or or it goes like in
general This goes to Dallas I understand
This is what Dallas put
anyone who says something bad to Juan
about his brother is a [ __ ]
psychopath this man I hate for
multiple reasons since I've already
mentioned but attacking him for the
death of his sister or getting into
that subject is being a [ __ ] sick person and that's it
well I don't know it doesn't seem like a bad
message to me I don't know no I mean put something that It's
logical you don't dislike it
but I don't know it goes for you too Javi I did
take it as if it were for me eh when I saw it on
Twitter because of course when it's
saying messages it's saying Twitter
no but now there's a moment when it
says [ __ ] it's because I wrote me a
WhatsApp I don't know who And there I did remember
myself that I sent him a WhatsApp and he
didn't answer that he would surely read it
imagine a moment where you feel like
[ __ ] you just had a
very strong personal blow  and you see a lot of
people who give you a
passive aggressive condolence where before wishing you
strength courage or whatever the message
started with you are a cool person but
I didn't put this no way of
course there in the subject message I don't
take it personally because I didn't
put that no way I
put it Juan I just found out I can't even
imagine the pain I'm so sorry
and besides it was sincere I mean it
was literally sincere I found out
right when I woke up one day in the
sanctuary and it was also in the morning that I
recorded a video with my cell phone even that I
talked about what I talked about with
Ari that he put that T no and I said damn he
probably scheduled it I can't believe it could have been any
other way
that it was later denied after a while no
eh Well it was in the morning in Thailand
here what would it be okay
but but I didn't put anything or buts or
how or nuances or anything I mean I think I
put the normal thing let's see with Juan I have
criticized him for many things and everything that
you  you want we are on the internet
gossiping but as far as I know he is not my
enemy I don't hate him no I mean no I don't have an
enmity with him like ta ta ta ta
ta I thought it was really bad that he felt bad
because I was commenting on
his gossip where he looked bad Well I understand I
understand each one
studying it as a way and if on top of that you
are falling more [ __ ] On the other hand well
maybe you see like I am
adding more no and I could save Melo but
of course let's see what you It's that you know what I'm
saying but friend neither anymore but it's not
a Why did you change your name
Javier alvino go back to what you
had before that was
cooler but it comes to me it's born to me
eh I mean at that moment it is
born to me that is born to me what do I tell you I mean I
can name you any
person eh Ah okay it's not you okay
okay Even anyone could come to you I mean I'm
not going to give you any
name in particular okay But imagine
any of those who are most
obsessed with me or more
attacks or damages us  have done okay Suddenly I
see myself on Twitter Maybe I'll go on
Twitter one day and see that they post something
similar eh [ __ ] well my
mother died My father my dog okay And I
would think [ __ ] for example I [ __ ]
what moment does this have to be going through
right now I mean it was literally what I
thought I mean me when I because I
didn't even know then later as the
hours went by I found out that
apparently more or less because the mother
posted a tweet that they more or less
assumed well that more or less it was
news that they were waiting for or something like that it said I do
n't remember Exactly no that it was
known that she was I don't know if she
was going through some illness or
something that it wasn't an accident suddenly
that was the first thing I thought No because I
say man at these ages and when I
saw it I say [ __ ] how is it going to be that
a sister died man [ __ ] my mother my
mother uncle my mother and I just went and I
felt like sending him that WhatsApp man without more eh
without more and if he had answered me
maybe with a grace he would have
shaved them  balls then at night
having criticized the woman for the tit she
posted, I mean, it's like that so what the [ __ ] does
one thing have to do with the
other the comment Ari's tweet
Gameplay was unfortunate Yes or yes, it's not a problem, you
're not insulting her
or telling her that she is I don't know what, I mean it
's
unfortunate but people who have
literally made my life
impossible then talking to me on WhatsApp
acting like a good person with me
people understand me this is where I say will go
after me acting like a good
person I have no interest in
thinking that I'm a good or a bad person it's that
of course maybe there are many more
people with whom she doesn't get along and she sends her
a WhatsApp and we're taking it
personally I don't know
okay I think she's going after me no let's see what she
says
exactly she releases a
passive aggressive condolences where before I wished you
with a you are a person but people who
literally that was why that was
for Dallas for sure for the tet of Dallas
that Dallas also is not that I give her the
condolences in the tet or rather Dallas what she
says is unless Dalas has it
written eh I don't
know I don't know maybe Dallas has
written to him made my life impossible then
talking to me on WhatsApp acting like a
good person with me people Of course but
people who have made my life
impossible I have made his life
impossible I don't know I see it as complicated
Eh yes but
Dallas is a very Dallas style message let's
see what people are saying to me let's
see that message it looks like what
Dallas said on Twitter and of course when he
says people who have made my life
impossible let's see we don't know maybe
you have more issues he
thinks that he is an exaggeration for him
you have made his life impossible Yeah sure
maybe he means that we have
criticized him no or whatever I know
for It's that for me of course I don't know it will be Maybe it's that
I have already put up with so much too
that for me making life impossible is
something else maybe I don't
know I don't know but it could be eh but of
course it's that maybe let's see Juan
right now a lot of people don't like him maybe it
's other people and suddenly he
has also written to her on WhatsApp anyone you
know no [ __ ]
idea Maybe it's the
old bed people who  has literally
caused massive waves of hate towards me
then putting on the cape of hero and the
cape of morality trying to
really show me as if they were good
people, I mean, clear here I understand
that it goes for d no because it says true
waves of hate. No, of course, who the hell
has criticized Juan Guarnizo apart from
everyone else but that moves a lot
man let's see maybe he's referring to
waves of hate videos of 50,000 views
like mine or pipepino who has 100 or
200,000 and pipepino has written him a
message, I don't
know it's that
wcol doesn't fit me eh that Wal, I mean, it
seems like he's referring to
Dallas' tweet and my WhatsApp, I don't know from
the moment in which if you're going to
wish strength to someone you don't start a
message with a you are a person you are
Clear but the thing is that I have not
put this to him an unpleasant person But
what they are doing to you is very
unfair and I don't know what brother
unpleasant person what illegality of that I
think it could fit a little with
Dallas eh  I don't know but maybe
you guys think that Dallas
wrote to her man he's going to write to him on WhatsApp
you're an unpleasant person
but I feel sorry for your
sister that message man I don't think it's
not very
clear and of course this message from
Juan Guarnizo was immediately
interpreted by what he said It's that
maybe we're mixing up and it refers on the
one hand to the text that Dallas posted there in
public and then to my guy about
my WhatsApp as if to say Look, this one who's
criticizing me sends me a WhatsApp to
give me his condolences no and we're and he's
mixing up the two things not at the
time on Twitter when
the whole issue with his sister was happening since he posted
some pretty strong messages towards him
But supposedly he was supporting him and
at the same time attacking him both on Twitter and on
his live streams and it was a
pretty unpleasant situation because of the
comments that Dallas was making towards his
sister and his family what they're playing with the same thing it does
n't sound to me that Dallas said it in his
video let's
see it doesn't sound to me like I've heard that
eh I would remember
eh too immediate
everything I never asked him to talk to him at
any time or on WhatsApp what is it is
the capture  of Whatsapp nor by
Twitter that WhatsApp capture
refers to another at another
time
no it doesn't sound to me that he said that
mentioning it he makes it known that it was for him
and I would end by commenting the following
Who is it Who scammed whom whom I have
literally screwed up
their entire life so that in truth
that little speech in those days would have been
made as the correct message that he had to
send me and sorry to mix these
things up with the main topic but but it is
total dehumanization it has nothing to
do with it and really Now I don't want the
chicks to think that I'm taking out this
last minute letter to Oh yes poor thing I don't
know what I'm not commenting on something
completely separate this already concerns
absolutely nothing You guys
are not in this sack okay I simply want to I
want to make it clear before
because you already saw them coming and and I already see there
Jacki warming up the tweets and the
characters it was in those days when it
became clear to me the total dehumanization
in which we are that is why for
example the comment of this girl
live became so annoying and so
offensive
eh That is why in general as that it
has  I've noticed a lot lately in
that situation and it's ugly it's ugly the
truth is it's very ugly to conclude Juan
would comment that he no longer knows how to
deal with these situations and that you should stop
reaching him hate saying
that well eh there he does say one thing
that I say well let's see Juan is disliked
but yes it's true that as far
as I know he's not that, I mean people dislike him he hasn't done many things like that a little ugly and false and so on but of course he's not a tremendous villain no maybe not he's focused on his own thing right now and he's always been focused on his own thing
when these types of situations happen
but really the hate doesn't stop which I would
conclude by commenting the following I think I've
always believed that by dedicating myself
to my thing and doing my thing and
not paying attention to certain
things seeing myself a little calmer in
general with all this it will end and
that people will calm down and I don't know what
but I think I don't think so because I've already
done it I've tried everything the
truth is I've tried it's that Juan doesn't
handle the criticism well  and the
hate theme eh I mean me What do you want me to
tell you, there are times when maybe your
mind can get a little lower and
affect you more or whatever, you know, but in the
end, if you don't learn to manage that,
eh tesa I've already glued it I've glued it I've
glued it the
doll is drying there but the hair is
very few pieces eh Very few pieces of the
piece of hair that
broke I don't know the truth are we going no longer
family Well yes we are going
there and the mini for when well we are going to
ask for a goal of members someday of we are
going to ask for some goal of members and
someday of this and if I see how it goes
then we'll see but yes it is true that it has to be
a day that there is no theme if there is a
theme
Oh Javi I hope you recover from what
Kevin we'll see each other we look very handsome
rest tomorrow if possible there is a theme
okay we'll
see each other tomorrow very handsome bye bye
rest handsome